hey what is up everybody it is BBK
dragon here showing off my Guardians my
3 max level characters I've never done
this before yet a lot of people have
been asking well when youtubers say a
lot of people it's probably like five or
six but in our mind it makes it easier
to say in a commentary a lot of people
well in this case actually probably
about 15 or more of you have asked for
it since the beginning of this year so
it's about time I do it so I do have
three max level characters and I think
if you haven't rolled an alt yet you
really should it adds a lot to the game
first up is my warlock warlock is my
main a class during the beta i played
titan and i was debating between titan
and warlock and I rolled a warlock and
there just was no looking back
I love warlocks this still is my main go
to class and if just between throw and
overwhelms and self raising it's a cool
class that can do well in both PvP and
PvE all the classes can do that but to
be honest warlock is just my favorite
except how fat they are dude our jump
when you're sunsinger
your jetpacks stinks um next is the
Titan this is the second character that
I ended up rolling now I need to level
up my helm of saint-14 and just got this
through Zerg two weeks ago and with the
the abilities and gives ya the strength
you've got a strength I haven't stupid I
need different like arms and light
combination because having over 270 is
overkill and to be in the 300s is really
dumb I can have like a over 400 strength
which is just ludicrous
I like the Titan it's pretty fun um not
my favorite it's the least favorite out
of the three for me this is my hunter
which I just rolled up a few weeks ago
and I like hunters a lot I think man for
PvP these things are wicked there's my
Matador 64 where I'm gonna be doing a
video on that pretty soon that is
rumored to be a shotgun that could
potentially give felwinter's lie run for
its money in terms of the strength and
distance not strength but it's just a
powerful shotgun that has a lot of range
stupid slow rate of fire so anyway why I
think you guys should roll an alt
character playing a different character
is a great way to kill time if you're
waiting for other people to do
activities with you know with house of
wolves more than ever
trials of Osiris requires party of three
prison of elders requires party of three
if you're doing anything but the little
28 and having a different character that
you can run on can be a great way to
kill time as you wait for friends to get
on beyond this you can abuse the
material farming in the system because
if you want as many etheric light as
your heart can get during a week you can
get it it's basically doubling your
chances with one alt and then tripling
your chances with another all that goes
the same for every weekly activity but
beyond that it's just fun to try out
different characters I think Bungie has
really succeeded in the fact that each
class has a very unique feel and flavor
to it I never wanted to play hunter but
now that I have one and I've been using
it I love it they're so agile having the
ability to quad jump with well it's
double double jump I guess with my what
is it bones V ow there we go I couldn't
learn the name of the exotic my bones of
the owl boots it's just a good time and
I mentioned that Titan is my least
favorite I still like Titan I think
Titans have a lot of use in PvE I've
just not been as thrilled in in PvP I
have gotten a five-piece with the ground
pound and ground pounding can be pretty
fun but in general men Golden Gun come
on like so sick or nova bomb so fun or
self res anyway I encourage you all to
try out in alt class as this video wraps
up I just want to say thank you guys so
much for the support I want to let you
know on Planet Destiny's YouTube channel
I've been making videos pretty
consistently 2 to 3 times a month
just put out a PvE reforge guide for
house of wolves weapons before that I
put out 7 tips for a flawless trials run
I'll put links in the description below
it'd mean a lot if you would go check
those out I put a ton of effort into
those videos since it's a big audience
and I the planet destiny people are
really cool and it's just been a rad
experience but I know a lot of you maybe
have wondered where our trials tips and
those sorts of things well a lot of that
content is going over to Planet
Destiny's YouTube channel thanks
everybody for watching if you have a
favorite class let me know down below
and we can battle it out have a good
week in iron banana